c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GAdeckbuilder.exe.config
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GAdeckbuilder.exe
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GAdeckbuilder.pdb
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\obj\Debug\GAdeckbuilder.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\obj\Debug\GAdeckbuilder.exe
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\obj\Debug\GAdeckbuilder.pdb
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GAF.dll
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Infrastructure.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Infrastructure.Threading.dll
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\HelperSharp.dll
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\NCalc.dll
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\SmartThreadPool.dll
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Domain.xml
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Extensions.pdb
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Infrastructure.Framework.pdb
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Infrastructure.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\GeneticSharp.Infrastructure.Threading.pdb
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\HelperSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Korik\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GAdeckbuilder\GAdeckbuilder\bin\Debug\SmartThreadPool.pdb
